com/tglt/launcher/discreet/events/PrefManager.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.PrefManager
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/events/MinuteListener.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.MinuteListener
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/storage/InternalFileTXT.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.storage.InternalFileTXT
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/NotificationMenu.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.NotificationMenu
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/Shortcut.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.Shortcut
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/storage/InternalFile.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.storage.InternalFile
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.storage.InternalFile$1
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/ActivitySettings.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivitySettings
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivitySettings$ChangelogFragment
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivitySettings$DisplayFragment
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivitySettings$HelpFragment
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivitySettings$SettingsFragment
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/DefaultApps.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.DefaultApps
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/ActivityFavorites.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites$2
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites$3
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites$RecyclerAdapter
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites$RecyclerAdapter$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites$RecyclerAdapter$FavoriteView
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFavorites$TouchCallback
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/FolderIcon.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.FolderIcon
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/ActivityQuickBar.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$2
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$3
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$4
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$RecyclerAdapter
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$RecyclerAdapter$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$RecyclerAdapter$FavoriteView
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityQuickBar$TouchCallback
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/ApplicationType.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.ApplicationType
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/Application.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.Application
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/RecyclerAdapter.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.RecyclerAdapter
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$2
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$3
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.RecyclerAdapter$ApplicationView$4
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/ShowDialog.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ShowDialog
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ShowDialog$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ShowDialog$2
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/events/ShortcutListener.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.ShortcutListener
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/Folder.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.Folder
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.Folder$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.Folder$ManageFoldersAccessor
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.Folder$PopupTouchListener
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/events/U.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.DisplayInfo
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.U
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.U$1
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/ActivityMain.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityMain
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityMain$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityMain$DrawerScrollListener
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityMain$GestureListener
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/ActivityExportImport.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityExportImport
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/storage/InternalFilePNG.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.storage.InternalFilePNG
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/storage/ExternalFile.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.storage.ExternalFile
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/helper/FreeformHackHelper.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.helper.FreeformHackHelper
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/events/PackagesListener.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.PackagesListener
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/events/NotificationListener.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.NotificationListener
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.NotificationListener$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.NotificationListener$2
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/ActivityFolders.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFolders
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$2
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$3
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.ActivityFolders$FoldersListAdapter$FolderView$4
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/IconPack.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.IconPack
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/BuildConfig.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.BuildConfig
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/events/ShortcutLegacyListener.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.events.ShortcutLegacyListener
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/Constants.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.Constants
com/tglt/launcher/discreet/core/ApplicationsList.java
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.ApplicationsList
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.ApplicationsList$1
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.ApplicationsList$2
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.ApplicationsList$3
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.ApplicationsList$4
 com.tglt.launcher.discreet.core.ApplicationsList$StartupTask
